tree: Cleanup and factor out APIs for emitting events (#22275)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/smooth-yaks-unite.md

---
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
---
---
"section": "tree"
---
Publish API for creating events as alpha.

> Export `createEmitter`, `EventEmitter` and related types as `@alpha`.
> See `EventEmitter`'s documentation for example usage.

Author: ```suggestion
Export `createEmitterMinimal` and related types as `@alpha`.
See `createEmitterMinimal`'s documentation for example usage.
```
